---
published: true
---
## A bit about me and this blog.

mindbomb is a documentation of my growth and improvement in the game of Overwatch. Ultimately, my goal is to become a professional player, to be the best. Various elements of becoming a better player, both in and outside of the game will be discussed in this blog.

I am a firm believer that a large portion of improvement comes from outside of solo queue or scrims. There are many avenues of improvement to take, and grinding games for thousands of hours happens to be the longest, most indirect route you can take. You will make it, just not anytime soon. This mentality is what I want to help others embrace and utilize. If you don't know how to improve, _how_ can you?

This is a way for me to have archives, as well as share them with anyone who is willing to look. There will be moments, or games, where I execute a sub-optimal play. These archives will give me a way to go back and easily find out where I went wrong, and to correct my mistakes in a timely and effective manner.

I have had many things in life that bring me happiness and satisfaction, but they come and go. It's almost cyclical, my hobbies are always in a rotation of what I enjoy, except gaming, specifically competitive gaming. Competitive gaming has always been an important and significant part of my life, for better and for worse.

I would like to say thank you to everyone who reads my blog, and to friends and family who support me throughout my journey in life. I hope I can make a change to your play and help you improve in Overwatch, and life in general.


dS
